database/video_dv/ffmpeg/AC-EOB-marker-is-absent-pos/index.rst, before:

============================
AC EOB marker is absent pos=
============================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - video/dv
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - ffmpeg
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - no
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=68
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=73
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=73
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=76
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=69
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=69
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 3 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=70
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=72
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=68
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=69
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=68
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=71
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=84
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/video_dv/ffmpeg/AC-EOB-marker-is-absent-pos/index.rst, after:

============================
AC EOB marker is absent pos=
============================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - video/dv
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - ffmpeg
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


Is it a bug in the validating software? - no

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=68
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=73
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=73
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=76
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=69
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=69
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 3 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=70
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=72
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=68
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=69
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=68
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=67
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=71
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=66
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 2 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=84
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	    Last message repeated 1 times
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=64
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] AC EOB marker is absent pos=65
	[dvvideo @ 0x1ea9280] Concealing bitstream errors
	

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
