docs/database/solutions/unknown/Unknown-list-type-in-Associated-Data-List-chunk-Type-INFO/index.rst, before:

==============================================================
Unknown list type in Associated Data List chunk: Type = "INFO"
==============================================================

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - unknown
     - 
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========



The repair specified here probably removes the unknown type, referring to the error message. The newly created file is only a tens of bytes smaller than the original.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - 


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:


Create new file from audio stream
=================================

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Copy the streams to a new file.

Effects
~~~~~~~



Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	ffmpeg -i INPUT.WAV -vn -c:a copy -map_metadata 0 OUTPUT.WAV

Repaired files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------
Output example
--------------




------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	ffmpeg:	Error while decoding stream .* Invalid data found when processing input
	ffprobe:	Error opening filters!
	ffprobe:	Invalid data found when processing input
	jhove:	Chunk ID contains space before printable characters
	jhove:	File does not start with RIFF header
	jhove:	Invalid chunk size
	mediainfo:	No audio or video tracks found.
	unknown:	Unknown list type in Associated Data List chunk: Type = "INFO"

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

Commit message:

Repair object update
Add solution for normalising MOVs to MKVs. The solution uses ffmpeg to migrate
video streams as FFV1s, audio streams as FLACs and a subtitle stream as it is.

Store normalised files locally. Normalised files are stored to local file
repository under data/ for tracking validity of the created files over time
and are a part of corpus.

Schemas have been updated to label locations, list test version for a
repair and describe the effects of a repair on a file with list of
paragraphs.

Repair descriptions and the related articles were updated. The descriptions
may refer to external sources such as FFmpeg documentation and ffmprovisor.
The repairs are now listed for browsing as solutions. Effect of repairs should
include information about changes in streams. FFmpeg could and should be used
to check the stream hashes when suitable.

docs/database/solutions/unknown/Unknown-list-type-in-Associated-Data-List-chunk-Type-INFO/index.rst, after:

==============================================================
Unknown list type in Associated Data List chunk: Type = "INFO"
==============================================================

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - unknown
     - 
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========



The repair specified here probably removes the unknown type, referring to the error message. The newly created file is only a tens of bytes smaller than the original.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - 


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:


Recreate WAV file with single audio stream and metadata
=======================================================

The suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Copy the first audio stream and 'global metadata' of the stream 0 to a new file.

Effects
~~~~~~~

Only the first audio stream in the file is copied from the input file to the output file. Video streams are explicitly excluded with ``-vn`` from the migration.

Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Only audio stream and metadata needs to be migrated.

Execution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	``ffmpeg -i <input file>.WAV -vn -c:a copy -map_metadata 0 <output file>.WAV``

Tested with: FFmpeg 6.0

Migrated files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------
Output example
--------------




------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	ffmpeg:	Error while decoding stream .* Invalid data found when processing input
	ffprobe:	Error opening filters!
	ffprobe:	Invalid data found when processing input
	jhove:	Chunk ID contains space before printable characters
	jhove:	File does not start with RIFF header
	jhove:	Invalid chunk size
	mediainfo:	No audio or video tracks found.
	unknown:	Unknown list type in Associated Data List chunk: Type = "INFO"

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.
