database/application_pdf/ghostscript/The-file-was-produced-by-macOS-Versio-Build-G-Quartz-PDFContext/index.rst, before:

=====================================================================================
The file was produced by: macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
=====================================================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - application/pdf
   * - **Versions**
     - 1.3
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - ghostscript
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - yes
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:

Open the file with Acrobat Reader and save it as a new file without any changes to the content
==============================================================================================

Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Open the file with Acrobat Reader and save it as a new file without any changes to the content.

Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	GPL Ghostscript 9.25 (2018-09-13)
	Copyright (C) 2018 Artifex Software, Inc.  All rights reserved.
	This software comes with NO WARRANTY: see the file PUBLIC for details.
	   **** Warning: considering '0000000000 XXXXX n' as a free entry.
	   **** Warning: considering '0000000000 XXXXX n' as a free entry.
	Processing pages 1 through 1.
	Page 1
	
	   **** This file had errors that were repaired or ignored.
	   **** Please notify the author of the software that produced this
	   **** file that it does not conform to Adobe's published PDF
	   **** specification.
	
	   **** The file was produced by: 
	   **** >>>> macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
	

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/application_pdf/ghostscript/The-file-was-produced-by-macOS-Versio-Build-G-Quartz-PDFContext/index.rst, after:

=====================================================================================
The file was produced by: macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
=====================================================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - application/pdf
   * - **Versions**
     - 1.3
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - ghostscript
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


Is it a bug in the validating software? - yes

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:

Open the file with Acrobat Reader and save it as a new file without any changes to the content
==============================================================================================

Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Open the file with Acrobat Reader and save it as a new file without any changes to the content.

Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	GPL Ghostscript 9.25 (2018-09-13)
	Copyright (C) 2018 Artifex Software, Inc.  All rights reserved.
	This software comes with NO WARRANTY: see the file PUBLIC for details.
	   **** Warning: considering '0000000000 XXXXX n' as a free entry.
	   **** Warning: considering '0000000000 XXXXX n' as a free entry.
	Processing pages 1 through 1.
	Page 1
	
	   **** This file had errors that were repaired or ignored.
	   **** Please notify the author of the software that produced this
	   **** file that it does not conform to Adobe's published PDF
	   **** specification.
	
	   **** The file was produced by: 
	   **** >>>> macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
	

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
