database/audio_x-wav/ffprobe/Invalid-data-found-when-processing-input/index.rst, before:

========================================
Invalid data found when processing input
========================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - audio/x-wav
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - ffprobe
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - no
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	ffprobe version 6.0 Copyright (c) 2007-2023 the FFmpeg developers
	  built with gcc 11 (GCC)
	  configuration: 
	  libavutil      58.  2.100 / 58.  2.100
	  libavcodec     60.  3.100 / 60.  3.100
	  libavformat    60.  3.100 / 60.  3.100
	  libavdevice    60.  1.100 / 60.  1.100
	  libavfilter     9.  3.100 /  9.  3.100
	  libswscale      7.  1.100 /  7.  1.100
	  libswresample   4. 10.100 /  4. 10.100
	missing-RIFF-start.wav: Invalid data found when processing input
	FFMpeg returned invalid return code: 1
	missing-RIFF-start.wav: Invalid data found when processing input
	missing-RIFF-start.wav: Invalid data found when processing input
	

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/audio_x-wav/ffprobe/Invalid-data-found-when-processing-input/index.rst, after:

========================================
Invalid data found when processing input
========================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - audio/x-wav
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - ffprobe
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


Is it a bug in the validating software? - no

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	ffprobe version 6.0 Copyright (c) 2007-2023 the FFmpeg developers
	  built with gcc 11 (GCC)
	  configuration: 
	  libavutil      58.  2.100 / 58.  2.100
	  libavcodec     60.  3.100 / 60.  3.100
	  libavformat    60.  3.100 / 60.  3.100
	  libavdevice    60.  1.100 / 60.  1.100
	  libavfilter     9.  3.100 /  9.  3.100
	  libswscale      7.  1.100 /  7.  1.100
	  libswresample   4. 10.100 /  4. 10.100
	missing-RIFF-start.wav: Invalid data found when processing input
	FFMpeg returned invalid return code: 1
	missing-RIFF-start.wav: Invalid data found when processing input
	missing-RIFF-start.wav: Invalid data found when processing input
	

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
