docs/database/solutions/ffmpeg/Referenced-QT-chapter-track-not-found/index.rst, before:

=====================================
Referenced QT chapter track not found
=====================================

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - ffmpeg
     - 
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - video/quicktime
     - 
     - 
     - 
     - 

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========



The repair add the following line to the ffmpeg output: 'Guessed Channel Layout: stereo.' The markers to the unexisting chapter are probably removed. The error message does not prevent playing the streams. The message could possibly be also ignored.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - 


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:


Create new file from audio and video streams
============================================

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Migrate the streams to a new copy.

Effects
~~~~~~~



Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	ffmpeg -i INPUT.MOV -c:v copy -c:a copy -map_metadata 0 OUTPUT.MOV

Repaired files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	"[mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2 @ 0x56204e0c9500] Referenced QT chapter track not found\\n[mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2 @ 0x56204e0c9500] stream 1, offset 0xd2000d8: partial file\\n[mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2 @ 0x56204e0c9500] stream 1, offset 0xd2010d8: partial file\\n[mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2 @ 0x56204e0c9500] stream 1, offset 0xd2020d8: partial file


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	ffmpeg:	Application provided invalid, non monotonically increasing dts to muxer in stream 0: 
	ffmpeg:	Referenced QT chapter track not found
	mediainfo:	File contains a truncated track

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

Commit message:

Repair object update
Add solution for normalising MOVs to MKVs. The solution uses ffmpeg to migrate
video streams as FFV1s, audio streams as FLACs and a subtitle stream as it is.

Store normalised files locally. Normalised files are stored to local file
repository under data/ for tracking validity of the created files over time
and are a part of corpus.

Schemas have been updated to label locations, list test version for a
repair and describe the effects of a repair on a file with list of
paragraphs.

Repair descriptions and the related articles were updated. The descriptions
may refer to external sources such as FFmpeg documentation and ffmprovisor.
The repairs are now listed for browsing as solutions. Effect of repairs should
include information about changes in streams. FFmpeg could and should be used
to check the stream hashes when suitable.

docs/database/solutions/ffmpeg/Referenced-QT-chapter-track-not-found/index.rst, after:

=====================================
Referenced QT chapter track not found
=====================================

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - ffmpeg
     - 
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - video/quicktime
     - 
     - 
     - 
     - 

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========



The repair add the following line to the ffmpeg output: 'Guessed Channel Layout: stereo.' The markers to the unexisting chapter are probably removed. The error message does not prevent playing the streams. The message could possibly be also ignored.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - 


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:


Recreate file with automatically selected audio and video streams
=================================================================

The suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Copy automatically selected audio and video streams and copy 'global metadata' to the new file.

Effects
~~~~~~~

The selected audio and video streams are copied along with top-level metadata (``-map_metadata 0``) to the output file.

The automatic selection principles are described in FFmpeg's documentation: https://ffmpeg.org/ffmpeg.html#Automatic-stream-selection

Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The file contains single audio and video streams.

Execution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	``ffmpeg -i <input file>.MOV -c:v copy -c:a copy -map_metadata 0 <output file>.MOV``

Tested with: FFmpeg 6.0

Migrated files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	"[mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2 @ 0x56204e0c9500] Referenced QT chapter track not found\\n[mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2 @ 0x56204e0c9500] stream 1, offset 0xd2000d8: partial file\\n[mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2 @ 0x56204e0c9500] stream 1, offset 0xd2010d8: partial file\\n[mov,mp4,m4a,3gp,3g2,mj2 @ 0x56204e0c9500] stream 1, offset 0xd2020d8: partial file


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	ffmpeg:	Application provided invalid, non monotonically increasing dts to muxer in stream 0: 
	ffmpeg:	Referenced QT chapter track not found
	mediainfo:	File contains a truncated track

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.
