docs/database/solutions/JHOVE/Invalid-object-definition/index.rst, before:

=========================
Invalid object definition
=========================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - JHOVE
     - 1.32.1
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_004_document-catalog-incorrect-pages-reference.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_003_page-object-no-parent.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_015_trailer-no-size-key-value-pair.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_008_entry-offset-too-short.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_014_trailer-root-indirect-reference-to-wrong-object.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_007_page-object-resources-wrong-object.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_002_resources-basefont-wrong-font.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_007_offset_wrong.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/268346.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_001_no-page-tree-node.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_002_Stream-ET-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_005_resources-subtype-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_006_font-size-operator-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_014_endstream-keyword-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_008_page-tree-node-no-count.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/hello_world.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_006_resources_subtype_wrong.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_018_position-information-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_005_invalid-Font-name-operator.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_011_paranthesis-substituted-with-brackets.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_010_trailer-no-closing-brackets.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_003_resources-type-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_001_document-catalog-No-document-catalog.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_001_EOF-not-standalone.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_008_Font-set-operator-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_005_document-catalog-type-key-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_016_stream-length-missing-in-dictionary.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_016_trailer-wrong-size-key-value-pair.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/392154.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_012_page-object-resources-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_010_page-object-missing-contents.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_005_EOF-followed-by-junk-data.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_006_premature-EOF.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_009_trailer-no-opening-brackets.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/040669.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_011_trailer-no-root-key-value-pair.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_004_number-of-entries-too-many.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_001_Stream-BT-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/427669.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_009_page-tree-wrong-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_012_text-show-operator-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_002_xref-keyword-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_004_Font-name-operator--missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_013_trailer-root-invalid-indirect-reference.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/027613.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_004_page-tree-non-existing-object-as-kid.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_015_invalid-stream-length-in-dictionary.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_012_trailer-root-no-indirect-reference.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_005_page-tree-no-kids.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_004_page-object-wrong-parent.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/303226.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_001_resources-basefont-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_005_number-of-entries-too-few.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_003_Stream-BT-and-ET-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_002_page-object-wrong-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_010_Missing_closing_paranthesis.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_004_resources-wrong-declaration-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_001_page-object-no-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_007_page-tree-wrong-count.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_007_document-catalog-type-key-value-pair-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_009_Missing_open_paranthesis.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_003_number-of-entries-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_009_invalid-keyword-entry.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_002_document-catalog-wrong-object-number.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_008_page-object-mediabox-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_009_page-object-mediabox-not-rectangle.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_006_offset_missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_008_trailer-no-trailer-keyword.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_003_document-catalog-indirecte-pages-reference-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/492484.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_013_stream-keyword-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/507676.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_010_wrong-generation-number.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/020806.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_011_page-object-wrong-contents-reference.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_002_page-tree-kids-links-recursive.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/189478.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_006_document-catalog-wrong-type-key.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_006_page-tree-no-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_006_page-object-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/114f7207-5dc9-491b-a978-2394e6b8cc92>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/15cb88cf-248b-435b-bfde-125f09fcc9ef>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/52f8f0df-bd86-45a2-8c82-fb57900ae739>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/87af55ef-9b6e-4f05-8c04-3e146c310efe>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/9bec28c0-42f9-4556-ab46-f3457df5540a>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/c4399821-916e-4db9-a036-07f9b1c9d98e>`

--------
Analyses
--------


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	Validator returned error.
	<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
	<jhove xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns="http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove" xsi:schemaLocation="http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove https://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/xsd/jhove/1.9/jhove.xsd" name="Jhove" release="1.32.1" date="2025-02-06">
	 <date>2025-11-03T14:32:33+02:00</date>
	 <repInfo uri="/corpus/format-corpus/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_004_document-catalog-incorrect-pages-reference.pdf">
	  <reportingModule release="1.12.7" date="2024-08-22">PDF-hul</reportingModule>
	  <lastModified>2025-10-22T10:46:06+03:00</lastModified>
	  <size>629</size>
	  <format>PDF</format>
	  <status>Not well-formed</status>
	  <sigMatch>
	  <module>PDF-hul</module>
	  </sigMatch>
	  <messages>
	   <message offset="0" severity="error" id="PDF-HUL-85" infoLink="https://github.com/openpreserve/jhove/wiki/PDF-hul-Messages#pdf-hul-85">No document catalog dictionary</message>
	   <message offset="466" severity="error" id="PDF-HUL-37" infoLink="https://github.com/openpreserve/jhove/wiki/PDF-hul-Messages#pdf-hul-37">Invalid object definition</message>
	  </messages>
	  <mimeType>application/pdf</mimeType>
	 </repInfo>
	</jhove>
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	JHOVE:	Invalid object definition
	JHOVE:	No document catalog dictionary

Commit message:

Analysis sections to JHOVE errors
Refer to JHOVE documentation in analyses.

Update articles.

docs/database/solutions/JHOVE/Invalid-object-definition/index.rst, after:

=========================
Invalid object definition
=========================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - JHOVE
     - 1.32.1
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_004_document-catalog-incorrect-pages-reference.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_003_page-object-no-parent.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_015_trailer-no-size-key-value-pair.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_008_entry-offset-too-short.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_014_trailer-root-indirect-reference-to-wrong-object.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_007_page-object-resources-wrong-object.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_002_resources-basefont-wrong-font.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_007_offset_wrong.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/268346.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_001_no-page-tree-node.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_002_Stream-ET-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_005_resources-subtype-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_006_font-size-operator-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_014_endstream-keyword-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_008_page-tree-node-no-count.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/hello_world.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_006_resources_subtype_wrong.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_018_position-information-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_005_invalid-Font-name-operator.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_011_paranthesis-substituted-with-brackets.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_010_trailer-no-closing-brackets.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_003_resources-type-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_001_document-catalog-No-document-catalog.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_001_EOF-not-standalone.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_008_Font-set-operator-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_005_document-catalog-type-key-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_016_stream-length-missing-in-dictionary.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_016_trailer-wrong-size-key-value-pair.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/392154.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_012_page-object-resources-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_010_page-object-missing-contents.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_005_EOF-followed-by-junk-data.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_006_premature-EOF.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_009_trailer-no-opening-brackets.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/040669.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_011_trailer-no-root-key-value-pair.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_004_number-of-entries-too-many.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_001_Stream-BT-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/427669.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_009_page-tree-wrong-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_012_text-show-operator-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_002_xref-keyword-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_004_Font-name-operator--missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_013_trailer-root-invalid-indirect-reference.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/027613.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_004_page-tree-non-existing-object-as-kid.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_015_invalid-stream-length-in-dictionary.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_012_trailer-root-no-indirect-reference.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_005_page-tree-no-kids.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_004_page-object-wrong-parent.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/303226.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_001_resources-basefont-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_005_number-of-entries-too-few.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_003_Stream-BT-and-ET-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_002_page-object-wrong-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_010_Missing_closing_paranthesis.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-04-01_004_resources-wrong-declaration-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_001_page-object-no-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_007_page-tree-wrong-count.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_007_document-catalog-type-key-value-pair-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_009_Missing_open_paranthesis.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_003_number-of-entries-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_009_invalid-keyword-entry.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_002_document-catalog-wrong-object-number.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_008_page-object-mediabox-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_009_page-object-mediabox-not-rectangle.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_006_offset_missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_008_trailer-no-trailer-keyword.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_003_document-catalog-indirecte-pages-reference-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/492484.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_013_stream-keyword-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/507676.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_010_wrong-generation-number.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/020806.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_011_page-object-wrong-contents-reference.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_002_page-tree-kids-links-recursive.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/189478.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_006_document-catalog-wrong-type-key.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_006_page-tree-no-type.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_006_page-object-missing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/114f7207-5dc9-491b-a978-2394e6b8cc92>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/15cb88cf-248b-435b-bfde-125f09fcc9ef>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/52f8f0df-bd86-45a2-8c82-fb57900ae739>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/87af55ef-9b6e-4f05-8c04-3e146c310efe>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/9bec28c0-42f9-4556-ab46-f3457df5540a>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/c4399821-916e-4db9-a036-07f9b1c9d98e>`

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========



See JHOVE documentation: https://github.com/openpreserve/jhove/wiki/PDF-hul-Messages#PDF-HUL-37

Is it a bug in the validating software? - 


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	Validator returned error.
	<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
	<jhove xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns="http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove" xsi:schemaLocation="http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove https://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/xsd/jhove/1.9/jhove.xsd" name="Jhove" release="1.32.1" date="2025-02-06">
	 <date>2025-11-03T14:32:33+02:00</date>
	 <repInfo uri="/corpus/format-corpus/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-01_004_document-catalog-incorrect-pages-reference.pdf">
	  <reportingModule release="1.12.7" date="2024-08-22">PDF-hul</reportingModule>
	  <lastModified>2025-10-22T10:46:06+03:00</lastModified>
	  <size>629</size>
	  <format>PDF</format>
	  <status>Not well-formed</status>
	  <sigMatch>
	  <module>PDF-hul</module>
	  </sigMatch>
	  <messages>
	   <message offset="0" severity="error" id="PDF-HUL-85" infoLink="https://github.com/openpreserve/jhove/wiki/PDF-hul-Messages#pdf-hul-85">No document catalog dictionary</message>
	   <message offset="466" severity="error" id="PDF-HUL-37" infoLink="https://github.com/openpreserve/jhove/wiki/PDF-hul-Messages#pdf-hul-37">Invalid object definition</message>
	  </messages>
	  <mimeType>application/pdf</mimeType>
	 </repInfo>
	</jhove>
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	JHOVE:	Invalid object definition
	JHOVE:	No document catalog dictionary
