docs/database/solutions/JHOVE/Unexpected-exception-java/index.rst, before:

===========================
Unexpected exception java.*
===========================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - JHOVE
     - 1.32.1
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - application/pdf
     - A-1b
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdfCabinetOfHorrors/veraPDFHiResWrongObjectID.pdf>`__

--------
Analyses
--------


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	Validator returned error.
	<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
	<jhove xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns="http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove" xsi:schemaLocation="http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove https://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/xsd/jhove/1.9/jhove.xsd" name="Jhove" release="1.32.1" date="2025-02-06">
	 <date>2025-11-03T14:38:49+02:00</date>
	 <repInfo uri="/corpus/format-corpus/pdfCabinetOfHorrors/veraPDFHiResWrongObjectID.pdf">
	  <reportingModule release="1.12.7" date="2024-08-22">PDF-hul</reportingModule>
	  <lastModified>2025-10-22T10:46:06+03:00</lastModified>
	  <size>65205</size>
	  <format>PDF</format>
	  <version>1.4</version>
	  <status>Not well-formed</status>
	  <sigMatch>
	  <module>PDF-hul</module>
	  </sigMatch>
	  <messages>
	   <message severity="error" id="PDF-HUL-103" infoLink="https://github.com/openpreserve/jhove/wiki/PDF-hul-Messages#pdf-hul-103">Unexpected exception java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException</message>
	  </messages>
	  <mimeType>application/pdf</mimeType>
	  <properties>
	   <property>
	    <name>PDFMetadata</name>
	    <values arity="List" type="Property">
	    <property>
	     <name>Objects</name>
	     <values arity="Scalar" type="Integer">
	      <value>13</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>FreeObjects</name>
	     <values arity="Scalar" type="Integer">
	      <value>1</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>IncrementalUpdates</name>
	     <values arity="Scalar" type="Integer">
	      <value>1</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>DocumentCatalog</name>
	     <values arity="List" type="Property">
	     <property>
	      <name>PageLayout</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>SinglePage</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>PageMode</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>UseNone</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>Info</name>
	     <values arity="List" type="Property">
	     <property>
	      <name>Creator</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>Adobe Acrobat 11.0.6</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>Producer</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>Adobe Acrobat 11.0.6 Image Conversion Plug-in</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>CreationDate</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="Date">
	       <value>Wed Jul 01 17:56:50 EEST 2015</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>ModDate</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="Date">
	       <value>Wed Jul 01 17:57:43 EEST 2015</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>ID</name>
	     <values arity="Array" type="String">
	      <value>0xdefec2e7f1016f4aa940b161264a056a</value>
	      <value>0x2e986c2b23f1b04f91878e96c0b22f99</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>Filters</name>
	     <values arity="List" type="Property">
	     <property>
	      <name>FilterPipeline</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>FlateDecode</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>XMP</name>
	     <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	      <value>&lt;x:xmpmeta xmlns:x="adobe:ns:meta/" x:xmptk="Adobe XMP Core 5.4-c005 78.147326, 2012/08/23-13:03:03        "&gt;
	   &lt;rdf:RDF xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#"&gt;
	      &lt;rdf:Description rdf:about=""
	            xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
	            xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/"
	            xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/"
	            xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#"
	            xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/"
	            xmlns:pdfaid="http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/id/"
	            xmlns:pdfaExtension="http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/extension/"
	            xmlns:pdfaSchema="http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/schema#"
	            xmlns:pdfaProperty="http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/property#"&gt;
	         &lt;xmp:CreateDate&gt;2015-07-01T16:56:50+02:00&lt;/xmp:CreateDate&gt;
	         &lt;xmp:CreatorTool&gt;Adobe Acrobat 11.0.6&lt;/xmp:CreatorTool&gt;
	         &lt;xmp:ModifyDate&gt;2015-07-01T16:57:43+02:00&lt;/xmp:ModifyDate&gt;
	         &lt;xmp:MetadataDate&gt;2015-07-01T16:57:43+02:00&lt;/xmp:MetadataDate&gt;
	         &lt;dc:format&gt;application/pdf&lt;/dc:format&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:DocumentID&gt;uuid:3d488eb9-5f0c-454f-bfa8-c7a6486620ef&lt;/xmpMM:DocumentID&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:InstanceID&gt;uuid:5fb2d1f9-5f21-41cf-8729-641f971130e7&lt;/xmpMM:InstanceID&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:RenditionClass&gt;default&lt;/xmpMM:RenditionClass&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:VersionID&gt;1&lt;/xmpMM:VersionID&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:History&gt;
	            &lt;rdf:Seq&gt;
	               &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:action&gt;converted&lt;/stEvt:action&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:instanceID&gt;uuid:b0913a20-6d53-4d33-a3d5-a70b487a99f7&lt;/stEvt:instanceID&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:parameters&gt;converted to PDF/A-1b&lt;/stEvt:parameters&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:softwareAgent&gt;Preflight&lt;/stEvt:softwareAgent&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:when&gt;2015-07-01T16:57:43+02:00&lt;/stEvt:when&gt;
	               &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	            &lt;/rdf:Seq&gt;
	         &lt;/xmpMM:History&gt;
	         &lt;pdf:Producer&gt;Adobe Acrobat 11.0.6 Image Conversion Plug-in&lt;/pdf:Producer&gt;
	         &lt;pdfaid:part&gt;1&lt;/pdfaid:part&gt;
	         &lt;pdfaid:conformance&gt;B&lt;/pdfaid:conformance&gt;
	         &lt;pdfaExtension:schemas&gt;
	            &lt;rdf:Bag&gt;
	               &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/&lt;/pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;pdf&lt;/pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:schema&gt;Adobe PDF Schema&lt;/pdfaSchema:schema&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	                     &lt;rdf:Seq&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;A name object indicating whether the document has been modified to include trapping information&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;Trapped&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;Text&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                     &lt;/rdf:Seq&gt;
	                  &lt;/pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	               &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	               &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/&lt;/pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;xmpMM&lt;/pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:schema&gt;XMP Media Management Schema&lt;/pdfaSchema:schema&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	                     &lt;rdf:Seq&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;UUID based identifier for specific incarnation of a document&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;InstanceID&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;URI&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;The common identifier for all versions and renditions of a document.&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;OriginalDocumentID&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;URI&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                     &lt;/rdf:Seq&gt;
	                  &lt;/pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	               &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	               &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/id/&lt;/pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;pdfaid&lt;/pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:schema&gt;PDF/A ID Schema&lt;/pdfaSchema:schema&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	                     &lt;rdf:Seq&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;Part of PDF/A standard&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;part&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;Integer&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;Amendment of PDF/A standard&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;amd&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;Text&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;Conformance level of PDF/A standard&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;conformance&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;Text&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                     &lt;/rdf:Seq&gt;
	                  &lt;/pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	               &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	            &lt;/rdf:Bag&gt;
	         &lt;/pdfaExtension:schemas&gt;
	      &lt;/rdf:Description&gt;
	   &lt;/rdf:RDF&gt;
	&lt;/x:xmpmeta&gt;</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>Pages</name>
	     <values arity="List" type="Property">
	     <property>
	      <name>Page</name>
	      <values arity="List" type="Property">
	      <property>
	       <name>Sequence</name>
	       <values arity="Scalar" type="Integer">
	        <value>1</value>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    </values>
	   </property>
	  </properties>
	 </repInfo>
	</jhove>
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	JHOVE:	Unexpected exception java.*

Commit message:

Analysis sections to JHOVE errors
Refer to JHOVE documentation in analyses.

Update articles.

docs/database/solutions/JHOVE/Unexpected-exception-java/index.rst, after:

===========================
Unexpected exception java.*
===========================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - JHOVE
     - 1.32.1
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - application/pdf
     - A-1b
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdfCabinetOfHorrors/veraPDFHiResWrongObjectID.pdf>`__

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========



See JHOVE documentation: https://github.com/openpreserve/jhove/wiki/PDF-hul-Messages#PDF-HUL-103

Is it a bug in the validating software? - 


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	Validator returned error.
	<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
	<jhove xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance" xmlns="http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove" xsi:schemaLocation="http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove https://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/xsd/jhove/1.9/jhove.xsd" name="Jhove" release="1.32.1" date="2025-02-06">
	 <date>2025-11-03T14:38:49+02:00</date>
	 <repInfo uri="/corpus/format-corpus/pdfCabinetOfHorrors/veraPDFHiResWrongObjectID.pdf">
	  <reportingModule release="1.12.7" date="2024-08-22">PDF-hul</reportingModule>
	  <lastModified>2025-10-22T10:46:06+03:00</lastModified>
	  <size>65205</size>
	  <format>PDF</format>
	  <version>1.4</version>
	  <status>Not well-formed</status>
	  <sigMatch>
	  <module>PDF-hul</module>
	  </sigMatch>
	  <messages>
	   <message severity="error" id="PDF-HUL-103" infoLink="https://github.com/openpreserve/jhove/wiki/PDF-hul-Messages#pdf-hul-103">Unexpected exception java.lang.ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException</message>
	  </messages>
	  <mimeType>application/pdf</mimeType>
	  <properties>
	   <property>
	    <name>PDFMetadata</name>
	    <values arity="List" type="Property">
	    <property>
	     <name>Objects</name>
	     <values arity="Scalar" type="Integer">
	      <value>13</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>FreeObjects</name>
	     <values arity="Scalar" type="Integer">
	      <value>1</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>IncrementalUpdates</name>
	     <values arity="Scalar" type="Integer">
	      <value>1</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>DocumentCatalog</name>
	     <values arity="List" type="Property">
	     <property>
	      <name>PageLayout</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>SinglePage</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>PageMode</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>UseNone</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>Info</name>
	     <values arity="List" type="Property">
	     <property>
	      <name>Creator</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>Adobe Acrobat 11.0.6</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>Producer</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>Adobe Acrobat 11.0.6 Image Conversion Plug-in</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>CreationDate</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="Date">
	       <value>Wed Jul 01 17:56:50 EEST 2015</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>ModDate</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="Date">
	       <value>Wed Jul 01 17:57:43 EEST 2015</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>ID</name>
	     <values arity="Array" type="String">
	      <value>0xdefec2e7f1016f4aa940b161264a056a</value>
	      <value>0x2e986c2b23f1b04f91878e96c0b22f99</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>Filters</name>
	     <values arity="List" type="Property">
	     <property>
	      <name>FilterPipeline</name>
	      <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	       <value>FlateDecode</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>XMP</name>
	     <values arity="Scalar" type="String">
	      <value>&lt;x:xmpmeta xmlns:x="adobe:ns:meta/" x:xmptk="Adobe XMP Core 5.4-c005 78.147326, 2012/08/23-13:03:03        "&gt;
	   &lt;rdf:RDF xmlns:rdf="http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#"&gt;
	      &lt;rdf:Description rdf:about=""
	            xmlns:xmp="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/"
	            xmlns:dc="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/"
	            xmlns:xmpMM="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/"
	            xmlns:stEvt="http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/sType/ResourceEvent#"
	            xmlns:pdf="http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/"
	            xmlns:pdfaid="http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/id/"
	            xmlns:pdfaExtension="http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/extension/"
	            xmlns:pdfaSchema="http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/schema#"
	            xmlns:pdfaProperty="http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/property#"&gt;
	         &lt;xmp:CreateDate&gt;2015-07-01T16:56:50+02:00&lt;/xmp:CreateDate&gt;
	         &lt;xmp:CreatorTool&gt;Adobe Acrobat 11.0.6&lt;/xmp:CreatorTool&gt;
	         &lt;xmp:ModifyDate&gt;2015-07-01T16:57:43+02:00&lt;/xmp:ModifyDate&gt;
	         &lt;xmp:MetadataDate&gt;2015-07-01T16:57:43+02:00&lt;/xmp:MetadataDate&gt;
	         &lt;dc:format&gt;application/pdf&lt;/dc:format&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:DocumentID&gt;uuid:3d488eb9-5f0c-454f-bfa8-c7a6486620ef&lt;/xmpMM:DocumentID&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:InstanceID&gt;uuid:5fb2d1f9-5f21-41cf-8729-641f971130e7&lt;/xmpMM:InstanceID&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:RenditionClass&gt;default&lt;/xmpMM:RenditionClass&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:VersionID&gt;1&lt;/xmpMM:VersionID&gt;
	         &lt;xmpMM:History&gt;
	            &lt;rdf:Seq&gt;
	               &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:action&gt;converted&lt;/stEvt:action&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:instanceID&gt;uuid:b0913a20-6d53-4d33-a3d5-a70b487a99f7&lt;/stEvt:instanceID&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:parameters&gt;converted to PDF/A-1b&lt;/stEvt:parameters&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:softwareAgent&gt;Preflight&lt;/stEvt:softwareAgent&gt;
	                  &lt;stEvt:when&gt;2015-07-01T16:57:43+02:00&lt;/stEvt:when&gt;
	               &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	            &lt;/rdf:Seq&gt;
	         &lt;/xmpMM:History&gt;
	         &lt;pdf:Producer&gt;Adobe Acrobat 11.0.6 Image Conversion Plug-in&lt;/pdf:Producer&gt;
	         &lt;pdfaid:part&gt;1&lt;/pdfaid:part&gt;
	         &lt;pdfaid:conformance&gt;B&lt;/pdfaid:conformance&gt;
	         &lt;pdfaExtension:schemas&gt;
	            &lt;rdf:Bag&gt;
	               &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;http://ns.adobe.com/pdf/1.3/&lt;/pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;pdf&lt;/pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:schema&gt;Adobe PDF Schema&lt;/pdfaSchema:schema&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	                     &lt;rdf:Seq&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;A name object indicating whether the document has been modified to include trapping information&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;Trapped&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;Text&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                     &lt;/rdf:Seq&gt;
	                  &lt;/pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	               &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	               &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;http://ns.adobe.com/xap/1.0/mm/&lt;/pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;xmpMM&lt;/pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:schema&gt;XMP Media Management Schema&lt;/pdfaSchema:schema&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	                     &lt;rdf:Seq&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;UUID based identifier for specific incarnation of a document&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;InstanceID&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;URI&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;The common identifier for all versions and renditions of a document.&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;OriginalDocumentID&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;URI&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                     &lt;/rdf:Seq&gt;
	                  &lt;/pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	               &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	               &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;http://www.aiim.org/pdfa/ns/id/&lt;/pdfaSchema:namespaceURI&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;pdfaid&lt;/pdfaSchema:prefix&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:schema&gt;PDF/A ID Schema&lt;/pdfaSchema:schema&gt;
	                  &lt;pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	                     &lt;rdf:Seq&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;Part of PDF/A standard&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;part&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;Integer&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;Amendment of PDF/A standard&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;amd&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;Text&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                        &lt;rdf:li rdf:parseType="Resource"&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:category&gt;internal&lt;/pdfaProperty:category&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:description&gt;Conformance level of PDF/A standard&lt;/pdfaProperty:description&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:name&gt;conformance&lt;/pdfaProperty:name&gt;
	                           &lt;pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;Text&lt;/pdfaProperty:valueType&gt;
	                        &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	                     &lt;/rdf:Seq&gt;
	                  &lt;/pdfaSchema:property&gt;
	               &lt;/rdf:li&gt;
	            &lt;/rdf:Bag&gt;
	         &lt;/pdfaExtension:schemas&gt;
	      &lt;/rdf:Description&gt;
	   &lt;/rdf:RDF&gt;
	&lt;/x:xmpmeta&gt;</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>Pages</name>
	     <values arity="List" type="Property">
	     <property>
	      <name>Page</name>
	      <values arity="List" type="Property">
	      <property>
	       <name>Sequence</name>
	       <values arity="Scalar" type="Integer">
	        <value>1</value>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    </values>
	   </property>
	  </properties>
	 </repInfo>
	</jhove>
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	JHOVE:	Unexpected exception java.*
