docs/database/solutions/ghostscript/The-file-was-produced-by-macOS-Versio-Build-G-Quartz-PDFContext/index.rst, before:

=====================================================================================
The file was produced by: macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
=====================================================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - ghostscript
     - 
     - unknown



.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - **Version**
     - **Profile**
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========





Is it a bug in the validating software? - yes

------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

Remake with Acrobat Reader
==========================

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Open the file with Acrobat Reader and save it as a new file without any changes to the content.

Effects
~~~~~~~



Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	


--------------
Output example
--------------
::


	GPL Ghostscript 9.25 (2018-09-13)
	Copyright (C) 2018 Artifex Software, Inc.  All rights reserved.
	This software comes with NO WARRANTY: see the file PUBLIC for details.
	**** Warning: considering '0000000000 XXXXX n' as a free entry.
	**** Warning: considering '0000000000 XXXXX n' as a free entry.
	Processing pages 1 through 1.
	Page 1
	
	**** This file had errors that were repaired or ignored.
	**** Please notify the author of the software that produced this
	**** file that it does not conform to Adobe's published PDF
	**** specification.
	
	**** The file was produced by:
	**** >>>> macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	ghostscript:	Quartz PDFContext
	ghostscript:	The file was produced by: macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<

Commit message:

Ghostscript: Annotation has a scale factor of zero and was ignored
Add error, analysis and repair solving the problem

docs/database/solutions/ghostscript/The-file-was-produced-by-macOS-Versio-Build-G-Quartz-PDFContext/index.rst, after:

=====================================================================================
The file was produced by: macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
=====================================================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - ghostscript
     - 
     - unknown



.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - **Version**
     - **Profile**
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========





Is it a bug in the validating software? - yes

------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

Remake with Acrobat Reader
==========================

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Open the file with Acrobat Reader and save it as a new file without any changes to the content.

Effects
~~~~~~~



Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	


--------------
Output example
--------------
::


	GPL Ghostscript 9.25 (2018-09-13)
	Copyright (C) 2018 Artifex Software, Inc.  All rights reserved.
	This software comes with NO WARRANTY: see the file PUBLIC for details.
	**** Warning: considering '0000000000 XXXXX n' as a free entry.
	**** Warning: considering '0000000000 XXXXX n' as a free entry.
	Processing pages 1 through 1.
	Page 1
	
	**** This file had errors that were repaired or ignored.
	**** Please notify the author of the software that produced this
	**** file that it does not conform to Adobe's published PDF
	**** specification.
	
	**** The file was produced by:
	**** >>>> macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	ghostscript:	Annotation has a scale factor of zero and was ignored
	ghostscript:	Quartz PDFContext
	ghostscript:	The file was produced by: macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
