database/application_pdf/JHOVE/No-PDF-trailer/index.rst, before:

==============
No PDF trailer
==============

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - application/pdf
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - JHOVE
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - unclear
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------
PDF-HUL-138. End-of-file marker (%%EOF) is missing. May indicate that the file is missing bits (in the end). File should be inspected with Acrobat Reader. If Reader manages to open the file and the file contents are intact, saving the file as a new should solve the problem.

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/application_pdf/JHOVE/No-PDF-trailer/index.rst, after:

==============
No PDF trailer
==============

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - application/pdf
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - JHOVE
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------
PDF-HUL-138. End-of-file marker (%%EOF) is missing. May indicate that the file is missing bits (in the end). File should be inspected with Acrobat Reader. If Reader manages to open the file and the file contents are intact, saving the file as a new should solve the problem.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - unclear

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
