.. _af7b05b2-c58e-4331-89cc-59da1d6acae5:

=============================================================
Element .* not allowed as child of element .* in this context
=============================================================

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - Validator.nu
     - 20.6.30
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - text/html
     - 5
     - `WHATWG <https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/>`__
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/c45812d5-67b4-4ef5-8645-45aaefb7e6e2>`
   * - text/html
     - (:unav)
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/65e97681-3a6c-4416-b4ff-b501a4f8a06b>`

--------
Analyses
--------


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

No suggestion determined. All solutions are listed for browsing :ref:`in here <solutions-list>`.

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	"file:/corpus/file-scraper/tests/data/text_html/invalid_5_illegal_tags.html":9.1-9.12: error: Element “paragraafi” not allowed as child of element “body” in this context. (Suppressing further errors from this subtree.)
	
	Vnu returned invalid return code: 1
	"file:/corpus/file-scraper/tests/data/text_html/invalid_5_illegal_tags.html":9.1-9.12: error: Element “paragraafi” not allowed as child of element “body” in this context. (Suppressing further errors from this subtree.)
	
	Extractor didn't produce any output streams.


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	JHOVE:	Unrecognized or missing DOCTYPE declaration; validation continuing as HTML 3.2
	Validator.nu:	Element .* not allowed as child of element .* in this context
	Validator.nu:	error: Bad element name .*: Code point “U+003A” is not allowed
	Validator.nu:	error: Element .* is missing a required instance of child element .*.
	Validator.nu:	error: End tag for .* seen, but there were unclosed elements.
	Validator.nu:	error: Non-space characters found without seeing a doctype first. Expected “<!DOCTYPE html>”.
	Validator.nu:	error: Start tag .* seen but an element of the same type was already open.
	Validator.nu:	error: Stray start tag .*.
	Validator.nu:	error: Unclosed element .*.
	Validator.nu:	Start tag seen without seeing a doctype first. Expected ..!DOCTYPE html
	v.Nu:	error: A document must not include both a "meta" element with an "http-equiv" attribute whose value is "content-type", and a "meta" element with a "charset" attribute.
	v.Nu:	error: An "img" element which has an "alt" attribute whose value is the empty string must not have a "role" attribute with any value other than "none" or "presentation"
	v.Nu:	error: Attribute "caption" not allowed on element "img" at this point.
	v.Nu:	error: Bad value "1" for attribute "novalidate" on element "form".
	v.Nu:	error: Element "div" not allowed as child of element "span" in this context. (Suppressing further errors from this subtree.)
	v.Nu:	error: End tag "a" violates nesting rules.
	v.Nu:	error fatal: Cannot recover after last error. Any further errors will be ignored.
	v.Nu:	error: Start tag "a" seen but an element of the same type was already open.
	v.Nu:	error: The "cellpadding" attribute on the "table" element is obsolete. Use CSS instead.
	v.Nu:	error: The "cellspacing" attribute on the "table" element is obsolete. Use CSS instead.
	v.Nu:	error: The "itemprop" attribute was specified, but the element is not a property of any item.

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development. Data is available at https://github.com/Digital-Preservation-Finland/knowledge-base.
