database/text_xml/xmllint/Schema-definition-probably-missing-from-XML-catalog/index.rst, before:

===================================================
Schema definition probably missing from XML catalog
===================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - text/xml
   * - **Versions**
     - 1
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - 
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - no
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------
The schema for the document is missing from the schema catalog. A known repair is to add the schema to the schema catalog.

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
	It is uncertain what validator software has raised the error. The error message has been thought to come from xmllint.

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/text_xml/xmllint/Schema-definition-probably-missing-from-XML-catalog/index.rst, after:

===================================================
Schema definition probably missing from XML catalog
===================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - text/xml
   * - **Versions**
     - 1
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - 
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------
The schema for the document is missing from the schema catalog. A known repair is to add the schema to the schema catalog.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - no

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
	It is uncertain what validator software has raised the error. The error message has been thought to come from xmllint.
