database/application_pdf/JHOVE/Malformed-dictionary-Vector-must-contain-an-even-number-of-objects-but-has-17/index.rst, before:

===============================================================================
Malformed dictionary: Vector must contain an even number of objects, but has 17
===============================================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - application/pdf
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - JHOVE
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - unclear
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------
PDF-HUL-41. A dictionary in the PDF document contains an uneven number of objects and therefore the matching of key-value pairs does not succeed. Acrobat Reader could possibly be able to repair errors in the internal structure of the document.

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/application_pdf/JHOVE/Malformed-dictionary-Vector-must-contain-an-even-number-of-objects-but-has-17/index.rst, after:

===============================================================================
Malformed dictionary: Vector must contain an even number of objects, but has 17
===============================================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - application/pdf
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - JHOVE
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------
PDF-HUL-41. A dictionary in the PDF document contains an uneven number of objects and therefore the matching of key-value pairs does not succeed. Acrobat Reader could possibly be able to repair errors in the internal structure of the document.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - unclear

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
