database/image_jpeg/python-image-library/SyntaxError-not-a-TIFF-file-header-bExifxaII-not-valid/index.rst, before:

==============================================================
SyntaxError: not a TIFF file (header b'Exif\x00aII' not valid)
==============================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - image/jpeg
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - python image library
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - unclear
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:

Open the file in an image processing software and save it again in the same file format
=======================================================================================

Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Open the file in an image processing software and save it again in the same file format

Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/image_jpeg/python-image-library/SyntaxError-not-a-TIFF-file-header-bExifxaII-not-valid/index.rst, after:

==============================================================
SyntaxError: not a TIFF file (header b'Exif\x00aII' not valid)
==============================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - image/jpeg
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - python image library
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


Is it a bug in the validating software? - unclear

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:

Open the file in an image processing software and save it again in the same file format
=======================================================================================

Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Open the file in an image processing software and save it again in the same file format

Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
