.. _31e7bd9a-813b-4b91-9883-5dc7ce214413:

=====================================
Invalid xref entry, incorrect format.
=====================================

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - Ghostscript
     - 10.06.0
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/0de7ba37-03da-4f5b-9928-404bdececd42>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/1d0ea0f9-7029-405b-9d7e-eca47adfcd7a>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/275c3a47-8798-4f26-bdbd-367a49ddef72>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/3744d871-0720-4089-b871-4d264c692bd3>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/7a99b587-1f85-422c-b931-30ce39ab4955>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/a396fcb4-c412-41f7-9ae5-f7519f66448a>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.5
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/b4acb5d5-8b8e-4b4a-9cdf-7bd099f25a01>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/cc51790d-b251-4e1a-ac86-3980981d3ee6>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/f1856ee2-1690-43f1-8902-516dd6ba077e>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/020747.pdf>`__

--------
Analyses
--------


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

No suggestion determined. All solutions are listed for browsing :ref:`in here <solutions-list>`.

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	
	The following errors were encountered at least once while processing this file:
		xref table was repaired
	
	   **** This file had errors that were repaired or ignored.
	   **** The file was produced by: 
	   **** >>>> GPL Ghostscript 9.07 <<<<
	   **** Please notify the author of the software that produced this
	   **** file that it does not conform to Adobe's published PDF
	   **** specification.
	
	
	GPL Ghostscript 10.06.0 (2025-09-09)
	Copyright (C) 2025 Artifex Software, Inc.  All rights reserved.
	This software is supplied under the GNU AGPLv3 and comes with NO WARRANTY:
	see the file COPYING for details.
	Invalid xref entry, incorrect format.
	Processing pages 1 through 1.
	Page 1
	
	The following warnings were encountered at least once while processing this file:
		xref entry not exactly 20 bytes
		xref entry not valid format
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	Ghostscript:	A closing mark (] or >>) had no matching mark, ignoring the closing mark
	Ghostscript:	A dictionary is missing a required /Type key.
	Ghostscript:	A Form XObject had a BBox with a width or height of 0
	Ghostscript:	An embedded font is invalid
	ghostscript:	Annotation has a scale factor of zero and was ignored
	Ghostscript:	A page ended after a BT had been executed and without a mtching ET
	Ghostscript:	badly escaped name
	Ghostscript:	bad trailer dictionary
	Ghostscript:	BT found inside a text block
	Ghostscript:	cannot process embedded stream for font object
	Ghostscript:	Can't repair xref, repair already performed
	Ghostscript:	Catalog dictionary not located in file, unable to proceed
	Ghostscript:	circular reference to indirect object
	Ghostscript:	Couldn't find a named resource
	Ghostscript:	Couldn't retrieve MediaBox for page, using current media size
	Ghostscript:	degenerate text matrix
	Ghostscript:	Document Catalog has incorrect /Type
	Ghostscript:	encountered more q than Q
	Ghostscript:	encountered more Q than q
	Ghostscript:	error executing PDF token
	Ghostscript:	error reading a stream
	Ghostscript:	ET found outside text block
	Ghostscript:	found real number when expecting int
	Ghostscript:	garbage left on stack
	Ghostscript:	ignoring zlib error: incorrect data check
	Ghostscript:	Incorrect /Length for stream object
	Ghostscript:	integer overflowed
	Ghostscript:	Invalid ICC colour profile, using alternate
	Ghostscript:	Invalid number format: scientific notation
	Ghostscript:	invalid object number
	Ghostscript:	invalid operator used in text block
	Ghostscript:	Invalid xref entry, incorrect format.
	Ghostscript:	'loca' length .* is greater than numGlyphs .* in the font .*
	Ghostscript:	malformed number
	Ghostscript:	missing white space after number
	Ghostscript:	non standard operator found - ignoring
	Ghostscript:	no startxref token found
	Ghostscript:	number uses illegal exponent form
	Ghostscript:	Object has an unrecognised Subtype
	Ghostscript:	object lacks an endobj
	Ghostscript:	object lacks a required Subtype
	Ghostscript:	Page drawing error occurred.
	Ghostscript:	Page has an invalid /MediaBox attribute. Using the current page size.
	Ghostscript:	Page has no /MediaBox attribute. Using the current page size.
	Ghostscript:	page not found.
	Ghostscript:	Page object does not have /Page type
	Ghostscript:	page tree root node /Count did not match the actual number of pages in the tree.
	Ghostscript:	Possible missing white space between operators
	ghostscript:	Quartz PDFContext
	Ghostscript:	recoverable image error
	Ghostscript:	stack underflow
	Ghostscript:	startxref offset invalid
	Ghostscript:	text operator outside text block
	ghostscript:	The file was produced by: macOS Versio 10.14.6 (Build 18G1012) Quartz PDFContext <<<<
	ghostscript:	**** The file was produced by: \\n   **** >>>> Adobe PSL 1.2e for Canon\\u0000 <<<<
	Ghostscript:	The string data prameter for a /Indexed colour space lookup is too short
	Ghostscript:	unbalanced or unescaped character '(' in string
	Ghostscript:	/undefined in --runpdf--
	Ghostscript:	used invalid operator in CharProc
	Ghostscript:	xref entry not exactly .* bytes
	Ghostscript:	xref entry not valid format
	Ghostscript:	xref table was repaired
	JHOVE:	Improperly nested dictionary delimiters
	veraPDF:	End of file is reached

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development. Data is available at https://github.com/Digital-Preservation-Finland/knowledge-base.
