database/image_jpeg/jhove/File-does-not-begin-with-SPIFF-Exif-or-JFIF-segment/index.rst, before:

====================================================
File does not begin with SPIFF, Exif or JFIF segment
====================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - image/jpeg
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - jhove
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - no
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:

If the bits are not completely missing, use ImageMagick
=======================================================

Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

If the bits are not completely missing, use ImageMagick. If the bits are missing JHOVE reports 'Expected marker byte 255 ' from JPEG-HUL and in that case 4 bytes can be added starting from position 7 in the file. Otherwise, the file more thoroughly corrupted.

Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	ImageMagick: convert <input> <output>

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	"<?xml version=\""1.0\"" encoding=\""UTF-8\""?>
	<jhove xmlns:xsi=\""http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance\"" xmlns=\""http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove\"" xsi:schemaLocation=\""http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove https://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/xsd/jhove/1.8/jhove.xsd\"" name=\""Jhove\"" release=\""1.24.1\"" date=\""2020-03-16\"">
	 <date>2023-01-25T14:01:57+02:00</date>
	 <repInfo uri=\""_/110/110Vk/110Vk7/110Vk7_1.jpg\"">
	  <reportingModule release=\""1.5.2\"" date=\""2019-11-05\"">JPEG-hul</reportingModule>
	  <lastModified>2017-05-24T04:07:12+03:00</lastModified>
	  <size>10027824</size>
	  <format>JPEG</format>
	  <status>Well-Formed, but not valid</status>
	  <messages>
	   <message offset=\""138\"" severity=\""error\"" id=\""JPEG-HUL-9\"">File does not begin with SPIFF, Exif or JFIF segment</message>
	  </messages>
	  <mimeType>image/jpeg</mimeType>
	  <profiles>
	   <profile>Adobe JPEG</profile>
	  </profiles>
	  <properties>
	   <property>
	    <name>JPEGMetadata</name>
	    <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	    <property>
	     <name>CompressionType</name>
	     <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""String\"">
	      <value>Huffman coding, Baseline DCT</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>Images</name>
	     <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	     <property>
	      <name>Number</name>
	      <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	       <value>1</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>Image</name>
	      <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	      <property>
	       <name>NisoImageMetadata</name>
	       <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""NISOImageMetadata\"">
	        <value>
	      <mix:mix xmlns:mix=\""http://www.loc.gov/mix/v20\"" xmlns:xsi=\""http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance\"" xsi:schemaLocation=\""http://www.loc.gov/mix/v20 http://www.loc.gov/standards/mix/mix20/mix20.xsd\"">
	       <mix:BasicDigitalObjectInformation>
	        <mix:ObjectIdentifier>
	         <mix:objectIdentifierType>JHOVE</mix:objectIdentifierType>
	        </mix:ObjectIdentifier>
	        <mix:FormatDesignation>
	         <mix:formatName>image/jpeg</mix:formatName>
	        </mix:FormatDesignation>
	        <mix:byteOrder>big endian</mix:byteOrder>
	        <mix:Compression>
	         <mix:compressionScheme>JPEG</mix:compressionScheme>
	        </mix:Compression>
	       </mix:BasicDigitalObjectInformation>
	       <mix:BasicImageInformation>
	        <mix:BasicImageCharacteristics>
	         <mix:imageWidth>2336</mix:imageWidth>
	         <mix:imageHeight>3504</mix:imageHeight>
	         <mix:PhotometricInterpretation>
	          <mix:colorSpace>YCbCr</mix:colorSpace>
	         </mix:PhotometricInterpretation>
	        </mix:BasicImageCharacteristics>
	       </mix:BasicImageInformation>
	       <mix:ImageAssessmentMetadata>
	        <mix:ImageColorEncoding>
	         <mix:BitsPerSample>
	          <mix:bitsPerSampleValue>8</mix:bitsPerSampleValue>
	          <mix:bitsPerSampleValue>8</mix:bitsPerSampleValue>
	          <mix:bitsPerSampleValue>8</mix:bitsPerSampleValue>
	          <mix:bitsPerSampleUnit>integer</mix:bitsPerSampleUnit>
	         </mix:BitsPerSample>
	         <mix:samplesPerPixel>3</mix:samplesPerPixel>
	        </mix:ImageColorEncoding>
	       </mix:ImageAssessmentMetadata>
	      </mix:mix>
	        </value>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      <property>
	       <name>PixelAspectRatio</name>
	       <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	       <property>
	        <name>PixelAspectRatioX</name>
	        <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	         <value>0</value>
	        </values>
	       </property>
	       <property>
	        <name>PixelAspectRatioY</name>
	        <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	         <value>0</value>
	        </values>
	       </property>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      <property>
	       <name>RestartInterval</name>
	       <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	        <value>292</value>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      <property>
	       <name>Scans</name>
	       <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	        <value>1</value>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      <property>
	       <name>QuantizationTables</name>
	       <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	       <property>
	        <name>QuantizationTable</name>
	        <values arity=\""Array\"" type=\""Property\"">
	        <property>
	         <name>Precision</name>
	         <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""String\"">
	          <value>8-bit</value>
	         </values>
	        </property>
	        <property>
	         <name>DestinationIdentifier</name>
	         <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	          <value>0</value>
	         </values>
	        </property>
	        </values>
	       </property>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>ApplicationSegments</name>
	     <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""String\"">
	      <value>APP14</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    </values>
	   </property>
	  </properties>
	 </repInfo>
	</jhove>
	"

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/image_jpeg/jhove/File-does-not-begin-with-SPIFF-Exif-or-JFIF-segment/index.rst, after:

====================================================
File does not begin with SPIFF, Exif or JFIF segment
====================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - image/jpeg
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - jhove
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------


Is it a bug in the validating software? - no

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:

If the bits are not completely missing, use ImageMagick
=======================================================

Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

If the bits are not completely missing, use ImageMagick. If the bits are missing JHOVE reports 'Expected marker byte 255 ' from JPEG-HUL and in that case 4 bytes can be added starting from position 7 in the file. Otherwise, the file more thoroughly corrupted.

Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	ImageMagick: convert <input> <output>

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	"<?xml version=\""1.0\"" encoding=\""UTF-8\""?>
	<jhove xmlns:xsi=\""http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance\"" xmlns=\""http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove\"" xsi:schemaLocation=\""http://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/ns/jhove https://schema.openpreservation.org/ois/xml/xsd/jhove/1.8/jhove.xsd\"" name=\""Jhove\"" release=\""1.24.1\"" date=\""2020-03-16\"">
	 <date>2023-01-25T14:01:57+02:00</date>
	 <repInfo uri=\""_/110/110Vk/110Vk7/110Vk7_1.jpg\"">
	  <reportingModule release=\""1.5.2\"" date=\""2019-11-05\"">JPEG-hul</reportingModule>
	  <lastModified>2017-05-24T04:07:12+03:00</lastModified>
	  <size>10027824</size>
	  <format>JPEG</format>
	  <status>Well-Formed, but not valid</status>
	  <messages>
	   <message offset=\""138\"" severity=\""error\"" id=\""JPEG-HUL-9\"">File does not begin with SPIFF, Exif or JFIF segment</message>
	  </messages>
	  <mimeType>image/jpeg</mimeType>
	  <profiles>
	   <profile>Adobe JPEG</profile>
	  </profiles>
	  <properties>
	   <property>
	    <name>JPEGMetadata</name>
	    <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	    <property>
	     <name>CompressionType</name>
	     <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""String\"">
	      <value>Huffman coding, Baseline DCT</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>Images</name>
	     <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	     <property>
	      <name>Number</name>
	      <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	       <value>1</value>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     <property>
	      <name>Image</name>
	      <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	      <property>
	       <name>NisoImageMetadata</name>
	       <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""NISOImageMetadata\"">
	        <value>
	      <mix:mix xmlns:mix=\""http://www.loc.gov/mix/v20\"" xmlns:xsi=\""http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance\"" xsi:schemaLocation=\""http://www.loc.gov/mix/v20 http://www.loc.gov/standards/mix/mix20/mix20.xsd\"">
	       <mix:BasicDigitalObjectInformation>
	        <mix:ObjectIdentifier>
	         <mix:objectIdentifierType>JHOVE</mix:objectIdentifierType>
	        </mix:ObjectIdentifier>
	        <mix:FormatDesignation>
	         <mix:formatName>image/jpeg</mix:formatName>
	        </mix:FormatDesignation>
	        <mix:byteOrder>big endian</mix:byteOrder>
	        <mix:Compression>
	         <mix:compressionScheme>JPEG</mix:compressionScheme>
	        </mix:Compression>
	       </mix:BasicDigitalObjectInformation>
	       <mix:BasicImageInformation>
	        <mix:BasicImageCharacteristics>
	         <mix:imageWidth>2336</mix:imageWidth>
	         <mix:imageHeight>3504</mix:imageHeight>
	         <mix:PhotometricInterpretation>
	          <mix:colorSpace>YCbCr</mix:colorSpace>
	         </mix:PhotometricInterpretation>
	        </mix:BasicImageCharacteristics>
	       </mix:BasicImageInformation>
	       <mix:ImageAssessmentMetadata>
	        <mix:ImageColorEncoding>
	         <mix:BitsPerSample>
	          <mix:bitsPerSampleValue>8</mix:bitsPerSampleValue>
	          <mix:bitsPerSampleValue>8</mix:bitsPerSampleValue>
	          <mix:bitsPerSampleValue>8</mix:bitsPerSampleValue>
	          <mix:bitsPerSampleUnit>integer</mix:bitsPerSampleUnit>
	         </mix:BitsPerSample>
	         <mix:samplesPerPixel>3</mix:samplesPerPixel>
	        </mix:ImageColorEncoding>
	       </mix:ImageAssessmentMetadata>
	      </mix:mix>
	        </value>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      <property>
	       <name>PixelAspectRatio</name>
	       <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	       <property>
	        <name>PixelAspectRatioX</name>
	        <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	         <value>0</value>
	        </values>
	       </property>
	       <property>
	        <name>PixelAspectRatioY</name>
	        <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	         <value>0</value>
	        </values>
	       </property>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      <property>
	       <name>RestartInterval</name>
	       <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	        <value>292</value>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      <property>
	       <name>Scans</name>
	       <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	        <value>1</value>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      <property>
	       <name>QuantizationTables</name>
	       <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""Property\"">
	       <property>
	        <name>QuantizationTable</name>
	        <values arity=\""Array\"" type=\""Property\"">
	        <property>
	         <name>Precision</name>
	         <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""String\"">
	          <value>8-bit</value>
	         </values>
	        </property>
	        <property>
	         <name>DestinationIdentifier</name>
	         <values arity=\""Scalar\"" type=\""Integer\"">
	          <value>0</value>
	         </values>
	        </property>
	        </values>
	       </property>
	       </values>
	      </property>
	      </values>
	     </property>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    <property>
	     <name>ApplicationSegments</name>
	     <values arity=\""List\"" type=\""String\"">
	      <value>APP14</value>
	     </values>
	    </property>
	    </values>
	   </property>
	  </properties>
	 </repInfo>
	</jhove>
	"

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
