docs/database/solutions/python-image-library/SyntaxError-not-a-TIFF-file-header-bExifxaII-not-valid/index.rst, before:

==============================================================
SyntaxError: not a TIFF file (header b'Exif\x00aII' not valid)
==============================================================

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - python image library
     - 
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - image/jpeg
     - 
     - `JPEG <https://jpeg.org/jpeg/index.html>`__
     - 
     - 

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========





Is it a bug in the validating software? - 


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:


Open and save as a new file
===========================

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Open the file in an image processing software and save it again in the same file format

Effects
~~~~~~~



Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	

Repaired files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------
Output example
--------------




------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	jhove:	File does not begin with SPIFF, Exif or JFIF segment
	python image library:	SyntaxError: not a TIFF file (header b'Exif\x00aII' not valid)

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

Commit message:

Repair object update
Add solution for normalising MOVs to MKVs. The solution uses ffmpeg to migrate
video streams as FFV1s, audio streams as FLACs and a subtitle stream as it is.

Store normalised files locally. Normalised files are stored to local file
repository under data/ for tracking validity of the created files over time
and are a part of corpus.

Schemas have been updated to label locations, list test version for a
repair and describe the effects of a repair on a file with list of
paragraphs.

Repair descriptions and the related articles were updated. The descriptions
may refer to external sources such as FFmpeg documentation and ffmprovisor.
The repairs are now listed for browsing as solutions. Effect of repairs should
include information about changes in streams. FFmpeg could and should be used
to check the stream hashes when suitable.

docs/database/solutions/python-image-library/SyntaxError-not-a-TIFF-file-header-bExifxaII-not-valid/index.rst, after:

==============================================================
SyntaxError: not a TIFF file (header b'Exif\x00aII' not valid)
==============================================================

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - python image library
     - 
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - image/jpeg
     - 
     - `JPEG <https://jpeg.org/jpeg/index.html>`__
     - 
     - 

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========





Is it a bug in the validating software? - 


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:


View and save as new file
=========================

The suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Open the file in an image processing software and save it again in the same file format

Effects
~~~~~~~



Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Execution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	

Tested with: 

Migrated files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------
Output example
--------------




------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	jhove:	File does not begin with SPIFF, Exif or JFIF segment
	python image library:	SyntaxError: not a TIFF file (header b'Exif\x00aII' not valid)

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.
