docs/database/solutions/file-scraper/invalid-videocontainer-stream/index.rst, before:





.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - file-scraper
     - 0.78
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - audio/mpeg
     - 1
     - 
     - 
     - 

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========



The file contains two streams: a video container and an audio stream. The file's well-formedness is declared 'null' but the validator has set a grading value of 'fi-dpres-acceptable-file-format' for the file which implies that even though the file si recognised, it can not be appraised neither as well-formed not not well-formed. This is a logical conflict and implies that there is a problem with the validating software because the acceptable grade should result in a decisive result for well-formedness.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - yes


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:


New file from audio stream with ffmpeg
======================================

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~

Remove the container stream by using FFMPEG.

Effects
~~~~~~~



Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	ffmpeg -i <input>.mp3 -c:a copy -map 0 <output>.mp3

Repaired files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------
Output example
--------------




------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

The music file contains cover art image in a video container stream.


------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	file-scraper:	

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

Commit message:

Repair object update
Add solution for normalising MOVs to MKVs. The solution uses ffmpeg to migrate
video streams as FFV1s, audio streams as FLACs and a subtitle stream as it is.

Store normalised files locally. Normalised files are stored to local file
repository under data/ for tracking validity of the created files over time
and are a part of corpus.

Schemas have been updated to label locations, list test version for a
repair and describe the effects of a repair on a file with list of
paragraphs.

Repair descriptions and the related articles were updated. The descriptions
may refer to external sources such as FFmpeg documentation and ffmprovisor.
The repairs are now listed for browsing as solutions. Effect of repairs should
include information about changes in streams. FFmpeg could and should be used
to check the stream hashes when suitable.

docs/database/solutions/file-scraper/invalid-videocontainer-stream/index.rst, after:





.. contents::
   :depth: 2

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - file-scraper
     - 0.78
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Specification**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - audio/mpeg
     - 1
     - 
     - 
     - 

--------
Analyses
--------

Analysis
========



The file contains two streams: a video container and an audio stream. The file's well-formedness is declared 'null' but the validator has set a grading value of 'fi-dpres-acceptable-file-format' for the file which implies that even though the file si recognised, it can not be appraised neither as well-formed not not well-formed. This is a logical conflict and implies that there is a problem with the validating software because the acceptable grade should result in a decisive result for well-formedness.

Is it a bug in the validating software? - yes


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:


Remove album cover image from MP3 file
======================================

The suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Migrate only audio streams from an MP3 file to remove an attached image and related video container stream.

Effects
~~~~~~~

Image and videocontainer streams are stripped from the output file. Only (all) audio streams are migrated to the output file.

Justification
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

MP3 files contain primarily audio.

Execution
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

	``ffmpeg -i <input file>.mp3 -c:a copy -map 0 <output file>.mp3``

Tested with: FFmpeg 6.0

Migrated files
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

--------------
Output example
--------------




------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

The music file contains cover art image in a video container stream.


------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	file-scraper:	

Notice: any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.
