docs/database/solutions/Ghostscript/startxref-offset-invalid/index.rst, before:

========================
startxref offset invalid
========================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - Ghostscript
     - 10.06.0
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/033689.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/509284.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/392154.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/477139.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/507618.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdfCabinetOfHorrors/corruptionOneByteMissing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.5
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/150277.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_005_page-object-parent-contains-array.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/020747.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/427669.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/504076.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/050734.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_015_invalid-stream-length-in-dictionary.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/073439.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_003_page-tree-different-kids.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_007_invalid-font-size-operator.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_018_trailer-no-xref-byte-offset.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/435321.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/226387.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_001_no-cross-reference-table.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.5
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/498264.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/15cb88cf-248b-435b-bfde-125f09fcc9ef>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.5
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/42f24218-11c8-4a6f-bab2-fa58cc015d58>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/9bec28c0-42f9-4556-ab46-f3457df5540a>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/a4992834-6697-48b5-a104-e70c7dee22eb>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/c4399821-916e-4db9-a036-07f9b1c9d98e>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/fd536f85-6f7d-4cbb-aa65-a7d251d77cb2>`

--------
Analyses
--------


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	warning: ignoring zlib error: incorrect data check
	
	The following errors were encountered at least once while processing this file:
		startxref offset invalid
		missing white space after number
		malformed number
		integer overflowed
		error executing PDF token
		xref table was repaired
		error reading a stream
		Incorrect /Length for stream object
	
	   **** This file had errors that were repaired or ignored.
	   **** The file was produced by: 
	   **** >>>> Acrobat Distiller 7.0 (Windows) <<<<
	   **** Please notify the author of the software that produced this
	   **** file that it does not conform to Adobe's published PDF
	   **** specification.
	
	
	GPL Ghostscript 10.06.0 (2025-09-09)
	Copyright (C) 2025 Artifex Software, Inc.  All rights reserved.
	This software is supplied under the GNU AGPLv3 and comes with NO WARRANTY:
	see the file COPYING for details.
	Invalid number format: scientific notation
	Processing pages 1 through 3.
	Page 1
	Loading font Arial-BoldMT (or substitute) from /opt/ghostscript-10.06/share/ghostscript/Resource/Font/NimbusSans-Bold
	Loading font ArialMT (or substitute) from /opt/ghostscript-10.06/share/ghostscript/Resource/Font/NimbusSans-Regular
	Page 2
	Loading font Arial-BoldMT (or substitute) from /opt/ghostscript-10.06/share/ghostscript/Resource/Font/NimbusSans-Bold
	Loading font ArialMT (or substitute) from /opt/ghostscript-10.06/share/ghostscript/Resource/Font/NimbusSans-Regular
	Page 3
	
	The following warnings were encountered at least once while processing this file:
		garbage left on stack
		Possible missing white space between operators
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	Ghostscript:	A closing mark (] or >>) had no matching mark, ignoring the closing mark
	Ghostscript:	An embedded font is invalid
	Ghostscript:	A page ended after a BT had been executed and without a mtching ET
	Ghostscript:	BT found inside a text block
	Ghostscript:	circular reference to indirect object
	Ghostscript:	Couldn't find a named resource
	Ghostscript:	degenerate text matrix
	Ghostscript:	encountered more q than Q
	Ghostscript:	encountered more Q than q
	Ghostscript:	error executing PDF token
	Ghostscript:	error reading a stream
	Ghostscript:	ET found outside text block
	Ghostscript:	garbage left on stack
	Ghostscript:	ignoring zlib error: incorrect data check
	Ghostscript:	Incorrect /Length for stream object
	Ghostscript:	integer overflowed
	Ghostscript:	Invalid number format: scientific notation
	Ghostscript:	invalid operator used in text block
	Ghostscript:	'loca' length .* is greater than numGlyphs .* in the font .*
	Ghostscript:	malformed number
	Ghostscript:	missing white space after number
	Ghostscript:	non standard operator found - ignoring
	Ghostscript:	number uses illegal exponent form
	Ghostscript:	object lacks a required Subtype
	Ghostscript:	Page drawing error occurred.
	Ghostscript:	page not found.
	Ghostscript:	Possible missing white space between operators
	Ghostscript:	recoverable image error
	Ghostscript:	stack underflow
	Ghostscript:	startxref offset invalid
	Ghostscript:	text operator outside text block
	Ghostscript:	unbalanced or unescaped character '(' in string
	Ghostscript:	used invalid operator in CharProc
	Ghostscript:	xref table was repaired
	JHOVE:	Document catalog dictionary object number and trailer root ref number are inconsistent
	JHOVE:	Improperly nested dictionary delimiters
	JHOVE:	Invalid cross-reference table
	JHOVE:	Invalid object definition
	JHOVE:	Missing startxref keyword or value
	JHOVE:	No document catalog dictionary
	JHOVE:	No file trailer

Commit message:

Errors from warctools and lxml 4.6.5.0
Update articles.

One file object without any locations is replaced.

Preliminary errors for libreoffice are removed without adding the errors to the knowledge base.

docs/database/solutions/Ghostscript/startxref-offset-invalid/index.rst, after:

========================
startxref offset invalid
========================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **Validator**
     - **Validator version**
     - **Error message type**
   * - Ghostscript
     - 10.06.0
     - 


.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **File format**
     - **Version**
     - **Description**
     - **Location**
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/033689.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/509284.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/392154.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/477139.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/507618.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdfCabinetOfHorrors/corruptionOneByteMissing.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.5
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/150277.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-03_005_page-object-parent-contains-array.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/020747.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/427669.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/504076.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/050734.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_015_invalid-stream-length-in-dictionary.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/073439.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-02_003_page-tree-different-kids.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T02-05-01_007_invalid-font-size-operator.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T04_018_trailer-no-xref-byte-offset.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/435321.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.2
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/226387.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/pdf-handbuilt-test-corpus/T03_001_no-cross-reference-table.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.5
     - Govdocs1 set
     - `OPF format-corpus <https://github.com/openpreserve/format-corpus/tree/master/govdocs1-error-pdfs/error_set_2/498264.pdf>`__
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.3
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/15cb88cf-248b-435b-bfde-125f09fcc9ef>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.5
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/42f24218-11c8-4a6f-bab2-fa58cc015d58>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.6
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/9bec28c0-42f9-4556-ab46-f3457df5540a>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/a4992834-6697-48b5-a104-e70c7dee22eb>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.4
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/c4399821-916e-4db9-a036-07f9b1c9d98e>`
   * - application/pdf
     - 1.7
     - 
     - :ref:`corpus <file-scraper/fd536f85-6f7d-4cbb-aa65-a7d251d77cb2>`

--------
Analyses
--------


------------------
Possible solutions
------------------
.. contents::
   :local:

--------------
Output example
--------------

::


	warning: ignoring zlib error: incorrect data check
	
	The following errors were encountered at least once while processing this file:
		startxref offset invalid
		missing white space after number
		malformed number
		integer overflowed
		error executing PDF token
		xref table was repaired
		error reading a stream
		Incorrect /Length for stream object
	
	   **** This file had errors that were repaired or ignored.
	   **** The file was produced by: 
	   **** >>>> Acrobat Distiller 7.0 (Windows) <<<<
	   **** Please notify the author of the software that produced this
	   **** file that it does not conform to Adobe's published PDF
	   **** specification.
	
	
	GPL Ghostscript 10.06.0 (2025-09-09)
	Copyright (C) 2025 Artifex Software, Inc.  All rights reserved.
	This software is supplied under the GNU AGPLv3 and comes with NO WARRANTY:
	see the file COPYING for details.
	Invalid number format: scientific notation
	Processing pages 1 through 3.
	Page 1
	Loading font Arial-BoldMT (or substitute) from /opt/ghostscript-10.06/share/ghostscript/Resource/Font/NimbusSans-Bold
	Loading font ArialMT (or substitute) from /opt/ghostscript-10.06/share/ghostscript/Resource/Font/NimbusSans-Regular
	Page 2
	Loading font Arial-BoldMT (or substitute) from /opt/ghostscript-10.06/share/ghostscript/Resource/Font/NimbusSans-Bold
	Loading font ArialMT (or substitute) from /opt/ghostscript-10.06/share/ghostscript/Resource/Font/NimbusSans-Regular
	Page 3
	
	The following warnings were encountered at least once while processing this file:
		garbage left on stack
		Possible missing white space between operators
	


------------------
Notes on the error
------------------




------------------------------
Related errors by source files
------------------------------

::

	Ghostscript:	A closing mark (] or >>) had no matching mark, ignoring the closing mark
	Ghostscript:	An embedded font is invalid
	Ghostscript:	A page ended after a BT had been executed and without a mtching ET
	Ghostscript:	BT found inside a text block
	Ghostscript:	circular reference to indirect object
	Ghostscript:	Couldn't find a named resource
	Ghostscript:	degenerate text matrix
	Ghostscript:	encountered more q than Q
	Ghostscript:	encountered more Q than q
	Ghostscript:	error executing PDF token
	Ghostscript:	error reading a stream
	Ghostscript:	ET found outside text block
	Ghostscript:	garbage left on stack
	Ghostscript:	ignoring zlib error: incorrect data check
	Ghostscript:	Incorrect /Length for stream object
	Ghostscript:	integer overflowed
	Ghostscript:	Invalid number format: scientific notation
	Ghostscript:	invalid operator used in text block
	Ghostscript:	'loca' length .* is greater than numGlyphs .* in the font .*
	Ghostscript:	malformed number
	Ghostscript:	missing white space after number
	Ghostscript:	non standard operator found - ignoring
	Ghostscript:	number uses illegal exponent form
	Ghostscript:	object lacks a required Subtype
	Ghostscript:	Page drawing error occurred.
	Ghostscript:	page not found.
	Ghostscript:	Possible missing white space between operators
	Ghostscript:	recoverable image error
	Ghostscript:	stack underflow
	Ghostscript:	startxref offset invalid
	Ghostscript:	text operator outside text block
	Ghostscript:	unbalanced or unescaped character '(' in string
	Ghostscript:	used invalid operator in CharProc
	Ghostscript:	xref table was repaired
	JHOVE:	Document catalog dictionary object number and trailer root ref number are inconsistent
	JHOVE:	Improperly nested dictionary delimiters
	JHOVE:	Invalid cross-reference table
	JHOVE:	Invalid object definition
	JHOVE:	Missing startxref keyword or value
	JHOVE:	No document catalog dictionary
	JHOVE:	No file trailer
	veraPDF:	Actual length of the stream (.* byte(s)) does not match the value of the Length key in the Stream dictionary (.* byte(s))
	veraPDF:	can not locate xref table
	veraPDF:	DeviceGray colour space is used without output intent profile
	veraPDF:	Extra spacings or missing EOL characters around indirect object/generation number or keywords 'obj' and 'endobj'
	veraPDF:	File header .*%PDF-*.* (offset = .*) starts at non-zero offset or does not match the pattern %PDF-n.m
	veraPDF:	Missing ID in the document trailer
	veraPDF:	Pages not found
	veraPDF:	Real value .* out of range
	veraPDF:	The document catalog dictionary doesn't contain metadata key or metadata stream dictionary does not contain either entry Type with value /Metadata or entry Subtype with value /XML
	veraPDF:	The font program is not embedded
