docs/toc-mime.rst, before:

Articles by file format
=======================

List of knowledge base articles grouped by a file format and a validator raising an error.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2


application/pdf
---------------


veraPDF
~~~~~~~

 - `orgverapdfpdfontcmapCMapParser getBfrangeEndFromBytes WARNING Incorrect bfrange in toUnicode CMap bfrange contains more than code <database/solutions/veraPDF/orgverapdfpdfontcmapCMapParser-getBfrangeEndFromBytes-WARNING-Incorrect-bfrange-in-toUnicode-CMap-bfrange-contains-more-than-code/index.html>`_

JHOVE
~~~~~

 - `Invalid Checksum <database/solutions/JHOVE/Invalid-Checksum/index.html>`_
 - `Malformed dictionary Vector must contain an even number of objects but has 17 <database/solutions/JHOVE/Malformed-dictionary-Vector-must-contain-an-even-number-of-objects-but-has-17/index.html>`_
 - `No PDF trailer <database/solutions/JHOVE/No-PDF-trailer/index.html>`_
 - `Unexpected exception javalangNullPointerException <database/solutions/JHOVE/Unexpected-exception-javalangNullPointerException/index.html>`_

application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


libreoffice
~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `E ltstringvalue assertion string void failed <database/solutions/libreoffice/E-ltstringvalue-assertion-string-void-failed/index.html>`_

audio/mpeg
----------


file-scraper
~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `invalid videocontainer stream <database/solutions/file-scraper/invalid-videocontainer-stream/index.html>`_

audio/x-ms-wma
--------------


ffmpeg
~~~~~~

 - `Application provided invalid non monotonically increasing dts to muxer in stream <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Application-provided-invalid-non-monotonically-increasing-dts-to-muxer-in-stream/index.html>`_

audio/x-wav
-----------

 - `Error while decoding stream Invalid data found when processing input <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Error-while-decoding-stream-Invalid-data-found-when-processing-input/index.html>`_

ffprobe
~~~~~~~

 - `Error opening filters <database/solutions/ffprobe/Error-opening-filters/index.html>`_
 - `Invalid data found when processing input <database/solutions/ffprobe/Invalid-data-found-when-processing-input/index.html>`_

JHOVE
~~~~~

 - `Chunk ID character outside printable ASCII range <database/solutions/JHOVE/Chunk-ID-character-outside-printable-ASCII-range/index.html>`_
 - `Chunk ID contains space before printable characters BKj <database/solutions/JHOVE/Chunk-ID-contains-space-before-printable-characters-BKj/index.html>`_
 - `File does not start with RIFF header <database/solutions/JHOVE/File-does-not-start-with-RIFF-header/index.html>`_
 - `Invalid chunk size <database/solutions/JHOVE/Invalid-chunk-size/index.html>`_

mediainfo
~~~~~~~~~

 - `No audio or video tracks found <database/solutions/mediainfo/No-audio-or-video-tracks-found/index.html>`_

unknown
~~~~~~~

 - `Unknown list type in Associated Data List chunk Type INFO <database/solutions/unknown/Unknown-list-type-in-Associated-Data-List-chunk-Type-INFO/index.html>`_

image/jpeg
----------


JHOVE
~~~~~

 - `File does not begin with SPIFF Exif or JFIF segment <database/solutions/JHOVE/File-does-not-begin-with-SPIFF-Exif-or-JFIF-segment/index.html>`_

python-image-library
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `SyntaxError not a TIFF file header bExifxaII not valid <database/solutions/python-image-library/SyntaxError-not-a-TIFF-file-header-bExifxaII-not-valid/index.html>`_

image/x-dpx
-----------


dpx-validator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `Different file sizes from header and filesystem <database/solutions/dpx-validator/Different-file-sizes-from-header-and-filesystem/index.html>`_
 - `Different file sizes from header and filesystem <database/solutions/dpx-validator/Different-file-sizes-from-header-and-filesystem/index.html>`_
 - `Different file sizes from header and filesystem <database/solutions/dpx-validator/Different-file-sizes-from-header-and-filesystem/index.html>`_
 - `Offset to image is more than file size <database/solutions/dpx-validator/Offset-to-image-is-more-than-file-size/index.html>`_

text/html
---------


Validator.nu
~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `error A document must not include both a meta element with an httpequiv attribute whose value is contenttype and a meta element with a charset attribute <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-A-document-must-not-include-both-a-meta-element-with-an-httpequiv-attribute-whose-value-is-contenttype-and-a-meta-element-with-a-charset-attribute/index.html>`_
 - `error An img element which has an alt attribute whose value is the empty string must not have a role attribute with any value other than none or presentation <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-An-img-element-which-has-an-alt-attribute-whose-value-is-the-empty-string-must-not-have-a-role-attribute-with-any-value-other-than-none-or-presentation/index.html>`_
 - `error Attribute caption not allowed on element img at this point <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-Attribute-caption-not-allowed-on-element-img-at-this-point/index.html>`_
 - `error Bad value for attribute novalidate on element form <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-Bad-value-for-attribute-novalidate-on-element-form/index.html>`_
 - `error Element div not allowed as child of element span in this context Suppressing further errors from this subtree <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-Element-div-not-allowed-as-child-of-element-span-in-this-context-Suppressing-further-errors-from-this-subtree/index.html>`_
 - `error End tag a violates nesting rules <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-End-tag-a-violates-nesting-rules/index.html>`_
 - `error fatal Cannot recover after last error Any further errors will be ignored <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-fatal-Cannot-recover-after-last-error-Any-further-errors-will-be-ignored/index.html>`_
 - `error Start tag a seen but an element of the same type was already open <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-Start-tag-a-seen-but-an-element-of-the-same-type-was-already-open/index.html>`_
 - `error The cellpadding attribute on the table element is obsolete Use CSS instead <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-The-cellpadding-attribute-on-the-table-element-is-obsolete-Use-CSS-instead/index.html>`_
 - `error The cellspacing attribute on the table element is obsolete Use CSS instead <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-The-cellspacing-attribute-on-the-table-element-is-obsolete-Use-CSS-instead/index.html>`_
 - `error The itemprop attribute was specified but the element is not a property of any item <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-The-itemprop-attribute-was-specified-but-the-element-is-not-a-property-of-any-item/index.html>`_

text/xml
--------


lxml
~~~~

 - `Schema definition probably missing from XML catalog <database/solutions/lxml/Schema-definition-probably-missing-from-XML-catalog/index.html>`_

video/dv
--------


ffmpeg
~~~~~~

 - `AC EOB marker is absent pos <database/solutions/ffmpeg/AC-EOB-marker-is-absent-pos/index.html>`_
 - `Concealing bitstream errors <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Concealing-bitstream-errors/index.html>`_

video/quicktime
---------------

 - `Application provided invalid non monotonically increasing dts to muxer in stream <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Application-provided-invalid-non-monotonically-increasing-dts-to-muxer-in-stream/index.html>`_
 - `Referenced QT chapter track not found <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Referenced-QT-chapter-track-not-found/index.html>`_

mediainfo
~~~~~~~~~

 - `File contains a truncated track <database/solutions/mediainfo/File-contains-a-truncated-track/index.html>`_

Commit message:

Add DBPTK Developer error objects and articles
The picked articles are based on [ERROR] and [FAILED] lines in the
output. [WARNING]s are not included.

Duplicate file objects were also removed from SIARD 2.1.1.

docs/toc-mime.rst, after:

Articles by file format
=======================

List of knowledge base articles grouped by a file format and a validator raising an error.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2


application/pdf
---------------


veraPDF
~~~~~~~

 - `orgverapdfpdfontcmapCMapParser getBfrangeEndFromBytes WARNING Incorrect bfrange in toUnicode CMap bfrange contains more than code <database/solutions/veraPDF/orgverapdfpdfontcmapCMapParser-getBfrangeEndFromBytes-WARNING-Incorrect-bfrange-in-toUnicode-CMap-bfrange-contains-more-than-code/index.html>`_

JHOVE
~~~~~

 - `Invalid Checksum <database/solutions/JHOVE/Invalid-Checksum/index.html>`_
 - `Malformed dictionary Vector must contain an even number of objects but has 17 <database/solutions/JHOVE/Malformed-dictionary-Vector-must-contain-an-even-number-of-objects-but-has-17/index.html>`_
 - `No PDF trailer <database/solutions/JHOVE/No-PDF-trailer/index.html>`_
 - `Unexpected exception javalangNullPointerException <database/solutions/JHOVE/Unexpected-exception-javalangNullPointerException/index.html>`_

application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


libreoffice
~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `E ltstringvalue assertion string void failed <database/solutions/libreoffice/E-ltstringvalue-assertion-string-void-failed/index.html>`_

application/x-siard
-------------------


DBPTK-Developer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `Correspondence between metadata and table data <database/solutions/DBPTK-Developer/Correspondence-between-metadata-and-table-data/index.html>`_
 - `Data type invalid   is not in conformity with INTEGER type in contentxml <database/solutions/DBPTK-Developer/Data-type-invalid---is-not-in-conformity-with-INTEGER-type-in-contentxml/index.html>`_
 - `Requirements for table data <database/solutions/DBPTK-Developer/Requirements-for-table-data/index.html>`_
 - `The data type information on the column definitions in metadataxml must be identical to that in the corresponding tablenumberxsd file <database/solutions/DBPTK-Developer/The-data-type-information-on-the-column-definitions-in-metadataxml-must-be-identical-to-that-in-the-corresponding-tablenumberxsd-file/index.html>`_

audio/mpeg
----------


file-scraper
~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `invalid videocontainer stream <database/solutions/file-scraper/invalid-videocontainer-stream/index.html>`_

audio/x-ms-wma
--------------


ffmpeg
~~~~~~

 - `Application provided invalid non monotonically increasing dts to muxer in stream <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Application-provided-invalid-non-monotonically-increasing-dts-to-muxer-in-stream/index.html>`_

audio/x-wav
-----------

 - `Error while decoding stream Invalid data found when processing input <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Error-while-decoding-stream-Invalid-data-found-when-processing-input/index.html>`_

ffprobe
~~~~~~~

 - `Error opening filters <database/solutions/ffprobe/Error-opening-filters/index.html>`_
 - `Invalid data found when processing input <database/solutions/ffprobe/Invalid-data-found-when-processing-input/index.html>`_

JHOVE
~~~~~

 - `Chunk ID character outside printable ASCII range <database/solutions/JHOVE/Chunk-ID-character-outside-printable-ASCII-range/index.html>`_
 - `Chunk ID contains space before printable characters BKj <database/solutions/JHOVE/Chunk-ID-contains-space-before-printable-characters-BKj/index.html>`_
 - `File does not start with RIFF header <database/solutions/JHOVE/File-does-not-start-with-RIFF-header/index.html>`_
 - `Invalid chunk size <database/solutions/JHOVE/Invalid-chunk-size/index.html>`_

mediainfo
~~~~~~~~~

 - `No audio or video tracks found <database/solutions/mediainfo/No-audio-or-video-tracks-found/index.html>`_

unknown
~~~~~~~

 - `Unknown list type in Associated Data List chunk Type INFO <database/solutions/unknown/Unknown-list-type-in-Associated-Data-List-chunk-Type-INFO/index.html>`_

image/jpeg
----------


JHOVE
~~~~~

 - `File does not begin with SPIFF Exif or JFIF segment <database/solutions/JHOVE/File-does-not-begin-with-SPIFF-Exif-or-JFIF-segment/index.html>`_

python-image-library
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `SyntaxError not a TIFF file header bExifxaII not valid <database/solutions/python-image-library/SyntaxError-not-a-TIFF-file-header-bExifxaII-not-valid/index.html>`_

image/x-dpx
-----------


dpx-validator
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `Different file sizes from header and filesystem <database/solutions/dpx-validator/Different-file-sizes-from-header-and-filesystem/index.html>`_
 - `Different file sizes from header and filesystem <database/solutions/dpx-validator/Different-file-sizes-from-header-and-filesystem/index.html>`_
 - `Different file sizes from header and filesystem <database/solutions/dpx-validator/Different-file-sizes-from-header-and-filesystem/index.html>`_
 - `Offset to image is more than file size <database/solutions/dpx-validator/Offset-to-image-is-more-than-file-size/index.html>`_

text/html
---------


Validator.nu
~~~~~~~~~~~~

 - `error A document must not include both a meta element with an httpequiv attribute whose value is contenttype and a meta element with a charset attribute <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-A-document-must-not-include-both-a-meta-element-with-an-httpequiv-attribute-whose-value-is-contenttype-and-a-meta-element-with-a-charset-attribute/index.html>`_
 - `error An img element which has an alt attribute whose value is the empty string must not have a role attribute with any value other than none or presentation <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-An-img-element-which-has-an-alt-attribute-whose-value-is-the-empty-string-must-not-have-a-role-attribute-with-any-value-other-than-none-or-presentation/index.html>`_
 - `error Attribute caption not allowed on element img at this point <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-Attribute-caption-not-allowed-on-element-img-at-this-point/index.html>`_
 - `error Bad value for attribute novalidate on element form <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-Bad-value-for-attribute-novalidate-on-element-form/index.html>`_
 - `error Element div not allowed as child of element span in this context Suppressing further errors from this subtree <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-Element-div-not-allowed-as-child-of-element-span-in-this-context-Suppressing-further-errors-from-this-subtree/index.html>`_
 - `error End tag a violates nesting rules <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-End-tag-a-violates-nesting-rules/index.html>`_
 - `error fatal Cannot recover after last error Any further errors will be ignored <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-fatal-Cannot-recover-after-last-error-Any-further-errors-will-be-ignored/index.html>`_
 - `error Start tag a seen but an element of the same type was already open <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-Start-tag-a-seen-but-an-element-of-the-same-type-was-already-open/index.html>`_
 - `error The cellpadding attribute on the table element is obsolete Use CSS instead <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-The-cellpadding-attribute-on-the-table-element-is-obsolete-Use-CSS-instead/index.html>`_
 - `error The cellspacing attribute on the table element is obsolete Use CSS instead <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-The-cellspacing-attribute-on-the-table-element-is-obsolete-Use-CSS-instead/index.html>`_
 - `error The itemprop attribute was specified but the element is not a property of any item <database/solutions/Validator.nu/error-The-itemprop-attribute-was-specified-but-the-element-is-not-a-property-of-any-item/index.html>`_

text/xml
--------


lxml
~~~~

 - `Schema definition probably missing from XML catalog <database/solutions/lxml/Schema-definition-probably-missing-from-XML-catalog/index.html>`_

video/dv
--------


ffmpeg
~~~~~~

 - `AC EOB marker is absent pos <database/solutions/ffmpeg/AC-EOB-marker-is-absent-pos/index.html>`_
 - `Concealing bitstream errors <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Concealing-bitstream-errors/index.html>`_

video/quicktime
---------------

 - `Application provided invalid non monotonically increasing dts to muxer in stream <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Application-provided-invalid-non-monotonically-increasing-dts-to-muxer-in-stream/index.html>`_
 - `Referenced QT chapter track not found <database/solutions/ffmpeg/Referenced-QT-chapter-track-not-found/index.html>`_

mediainfo
~~~~~~~~~

 - `File contains a truncated track <database/solutions/mediainfo/File-contains-a-truncated-track/index.html>`_
