database/application_vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document/libreoffice/E-ltstringvalue-assertion-string-void-failed/index.rst, before:

=============================================================
E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed
=============================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - libreoffice
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Software problem**
     - yes
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------
A bug in a LibreOffice software. The problem is fixed since LibreOffice 7.2.0: https://bugs.documentfoundation.org/show_bug.cgi?id=79069

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~

Does the repair alter the interpretation of the data? Explain the migration process, please.

Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed
	E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed
	E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed
	E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------

Commit message:

Move software problem, ie. is-it-a-bug field to analysis section

database/application_vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document/libreoffice/E-ltstringvalue-assertion-string-void-failed/index.rst, after:

=============================================================
E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed
=============================================================

.. footer:: Any operation suggested on this page should be carefully considered before use, as this article is in continuous development.

.. contents::
   :depth: 2

.. section-numbering::

--------------
Classification
--------------

.. list-table::
   :align: center

   * - **MIME type**
     - application/vnd.openxmlformats-officedocument.wordprocessingml.document
   * - **Versions**
     - 
   * - **Profile**
     - 
   * - **Validator**
     - libreoffice
   * - **Validator version**
     - 
   * - **Error message type**
     - unknown

--------
Analysis
--------
A bug in a LibreOffice software. The problem is fixed since LibreOffice 7.2.0: https://bugs.documentfoundation.org/show_bug.cgi?id=79069

Is it a bug in the validating software? - yes

-----------------
Suggested repairs
-----------------
.. contents::
   :local:




Effects
~~~~~~~



Suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~



Execution example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
	

--------------
Output example
--------------
::

	E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed
	E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed
	E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed
	E: lt_string_value: assertion `string != ((void *)0)\' failed

------------------
Notes on the error
------------------
